At the Chen family just now
I also foolishly let Qinghe
Listen to Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang
Tell him not to be petty
Sun Shangxiang said that Qinghe hit Chen Hui
Said that Chen Hui's company was in trouble
He is in a bad mood
Urgent need 5 million imprint
I foolishly believed it
He also asked Sun Jihai to give him 10 million
weiyang
I guess you're right.
I was blind.
I misread the person.
That's why Qinghe suffered so much
So many injuries
That was my mistake, the police.
Sorry for him
General Ye
The whereabouts of the piano of the pastor's sister have been found out
Say
After Chen Hui transferred the 10 million yuan from the pastor's sister
The other party made three decentralized transfers
And finally.
All into a bank account named Liu Jun
According to the investigation
Liu Jun is a subordinate of Guida Wuzang
That is to say
Thieves led by you Guida Gozo are running rampant in the southern border
Evil to ashes
This bastard took the money Mu Shijie gave him
Privately colluding with Guida Wuzang to betray the country and seek glory
This is what you raised well.
Why General Xie Civil Construction
What Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang did
I didn't know.
It was Takeshi Kameda who deliberately wooed me before
But I refused and ran
I didn't expect it.
He found Chen Hui, this little beast, behind his back
Then what do you think Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang should be guilty of?
capital crime
Ask General Ye to mediate
Don't worry.
They should be on their way to Yunfeng Tower now
I'll go
Clean up the portal
It is not urgent for party affairs
To stop Chen Kun's conspiracy
Wei Yao
You immediately contact the police and bank in Nanjing.
Let them freeze Liu Jun's bank account
Arrest Liu Jun
Sun Jihai is there
You take someone to seize it
Four great families of red dust
All its companies and assets
Find out the relationship between them and the five internal organs of Kameda
Obey the order and place it in Yingfeng Building
I went to Qinghe as my daughter
Her hatred
I will report it myself